So we started working in the post.
EDIT So we created this post and we know we uploaded defeated images for this one.
So this featured image the existing she's an image of the post.
Let's try to show that here when we land and this is so for that we can put that somewhere just above
this post button.
So we've got the populist button there.
Let's try to put that here.
Actually, we have this quarter.
We just have to modify this one.
So if we have the selected media, if I tried to upload a new feature image, choose from the library
or upload a new one, then that will be selected.
Right.
So media has this context with the selected.
So whenever you upload, that will be select.
So if I do that, then obviously I would see here.
So this code works.
If you upload or choose from the libraries, that's fine.
Let me turn this to Don Alfredo.
So if you have that, that's okay.
Otherwise.
Again, we have to use that next iteration.
So otherwise, maybe this post already has the featured image, right?
So we, we have the local state of feature image, so we can use that.
So if feature images here, feature images.
Yeah, we can stick with the air.
So if we have that, then again, we want to use that.
Otherwise it wouldn't be the industry.
So if we have that again, we do something.
Otherwise we just leave it empty string.
I guess if we have the featured image so maybe we can send DV and put here.
Let me save that.
So here you are asking to be featured in is yard.
Okay.
Let's give it a try.
This should work.
Let's give a quick read.
Let's visit that page one more time.
Okay.
So we didn't see that.
Let's try.
It's fair to have a look at the state featured in this.
Okay.
So looks like we don't have the state.
So let's come.
Back to our Lord post function said featured in his daughter dot feature image.
Let's have a look at this console.
Okay.
Actually, we may not have on this one.
Oh, know we do.
We have the you are featured in this funeral is there.
Featured images there.
Oh so I did on the school suit be came of course like this featured in this.
Okay.
So we see that.
Beautiful.
Maybe just some of that decent string of.
So this post had its own elements, so we saw that.
Now, if you want to update with the new one, obviously you can click and that works.
Okay.
So that also works.
So we come to title updated.
I'm buried.
So we got it.
We can see the preview.
We can show this image as well here in the preview show and to so we can pick more categories or remove
to that also works.
So everything's warden here, right?
So all we need to do is send this updated information to the back end so that we can save this object
in the database.
All right, so find the post decent I.D. and update all these values.
So we pretty is good here.
Now, let's work on this number, this function that gets executed when we submit handle published.
So we're sending the featured image as well.
Total content categories featured image if any error we saw the error, otherwise we sort of sexist
misses.
We don't have the local stories because this is not the create post.
So let's move.
That said media and media selected.
Let's use no instead of empty string.
And maybe this is something you want to change here as well.
So it's good.
The Post quickly.
That should be.
Not because the selected images will be the object.
Instead of having the string that let's make it empty object, which is no.
And then finally, just take the media context.
Context media.
Okay.
So we're using not good.
So back to slug.
So if it is successful, we said the media selected will not be there.
And then finally we can post the user to post here.
So it's optional, but you can reduce the user when they they update the post to you, you can redirect
them to all post based.
No.
We're done here.
Let's go to the back end and create the endpoint so that we can serve this object.
At the moment, if you try, obviously we get the error because that endpoint doesn't exist.
This end point, it posts less.
We'll say this event doesn't exist.
Actually for Objet we can make a portrait, which I did to ensure a post we can use to put that technically
correct when we are updating something and make a photo request.
And if you try to make a request, you get the error because poor for business, obviously.
So let's go to the back end with the the end point and the put end point so that we can object.